#summary The development of Voxtr including Wishlist, Maybelist and Neverlist

= Development =

== Implemented ==
  * Basic functionality (record, listen, delete, exit)
  * Auto-generate name on recording, like this: 15-Oct 19:05 (5s)
  * Added More UI with Delete, Help, About and Exit actions
  * Added Send UI to send Voxtr to another user.

== Wishlist ==
  * Better UI (items? canvas? lwuit?)
  * A beep should be heard before starting the recording.
  * Utilize Microlog

== Maybelist ==
  * Add an icon to items in the list, e.g. the "Record" should have a triangle. The "Exit" could have a "backward arrow". Maybe some icon for the recordings as well?
  * Better formatting: If the recoding is longer than 60 secs, the format should be: mm:ss.
  * Show warning if phone is in silent mode
  * Some kind of visual indicator should be shown when the recording is ongoing. Maybe a red blinking triangle?
  * Show progress bar when playing the recording.
  * Show a warning dialog if the recording fails - !MediaException
  * Warn if low on memory (in RMS)
  * Send recordings via MMS
  * Send recordings via mail
  * Save recording to file.
  * Change the name of a recording.
  * Check for new version (Microinstall)
  * Show "SMS Sent" after sending in SendUI.

== Neverlist ==
  * ~~Record videos~~

= The Links =

The following Open Source products are used within Voxtr:
  * [http://microlog.sourceforge.net Microlog]
  * [http://sourceforge.net/projects/microinstall/ Microinstall]


  * ~~Add note to recording~~